Add VirusTotal scan results to add-on details (#18974)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

* In Visual Studio Code, the status bar is now reported when using the standard `NVDA+end` (desktop) / `NVDA+shift+end` (laptop) gesture. (#11064, @codeofdusk)
* Performance improvements on ARM64 systems, such as with Qualcomm processors. (#18570, @leonarddeR)
* While reading text, spelling errors can now be reported with a sound instead of speech. (#4233, @jcsteh, @CyrilleB79)
* VirusTotal scan results are now available in the details for an add-on in the Add-on Store.

> An action has been added to view the full scan results on VirusTotal. (#18974)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An option has been added to view the full scan results on the VirusTotal website. (#18974)
```
